Three key insights found from our NovaRetail Dashboard: 
1. Growth opportunity, from filtering by product category it becomes clear that electronics are the highest revenue generator across all customer segments, especially with growth customers. To capitalize on this NovaRetail should implement a membership loyalty program in which repeat electronics customers can earn points on every purchase which could be used to apply a discount to later purchases, driving new customer retention, securing more growth and helping with long term revenue. 
2. Early warning signs: filtering the decline segment and then cross referenceing it with the retail channel and satisfaction scores shows a decline in physical stores. This disengagement is being seen more with the increased use of online retailers. To address this NovaRetail should consider investing to improving their in-store experience with personalized service and potentially more employee training and exclusive in store deals to boost customers coming in.
3.  Strategic Recommendation: when looking at revenue and satisfaction scores by retail channel, online transactions associated with higher satisfaction ratings are also associated with a higher concentration of promising growth and segment customers. Novaretail could use this information to invest in the digital customer experience with personalized recommendations or online exclusive offers, thereby yielding the strongest return on retention and revenue growth. Furthermore, because electronics account for a disproportional amount of physical revenue, the display space for electronics should be given more a priority within the store, as the majority of customers tend to interact with the devices before purchasing. This may also have a second order effect of driving increased revenue towards other items displayed nearby the electronics section. This approach could offset the loss in physical business if sales keep moving online for long enough to make a more informed decision later down the line on whether to reduce the budget for physical retail in relation to online retail. 
